c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\PracticaCibertec.exe.config
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\PracticaCibertec.exe
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\PracticaCibertec.pdb
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\obj\Debug\Presentacion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\obj\Debug\PracticaCibertec_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\obj\Debug\PracticaCibertec_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\obj\Debug\PracticaCibertec.g.resources
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\obj\Debug\PracticaCibertec.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\obj\Debug\Presentacion.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\obj\Debug\PracticaCibertec.exe
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\obj\Debug\PracticaCibertec.pdb
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\GestionDeLasMuestras.dll
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\InterfacesMuestrasLaboratorio.dll
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\Inventairo.dll
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\GestionDeLasMuestras.pdb
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\InterfacesMuestrasLaboratorio.pdb
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\Inventairo.pdb
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\visual_dom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PracticaCibertec\PracticaCibertec\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
